docs(expo-router): document streaming SSR and `generateMetadata()` (#45371)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/web/data-loaders.mdx

## Known limitations

> - Loaders **must** return JSON-serializable data. Returning a stream or async iterator from a loader is not supported. This will be addressed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Loaders **must** return JSON-serializable data. Returning streams or async iterable from a loader is not supported. This will be addressed in a future release.
```

- streams -> to imply `ReadableStream` and `node:stream`
- async iterable -> producer/factory for iterator but encompasses iterator too
